A bit of cleanup (#1871)
enkidevs/curriculum: javascript/node/code-style-recommendations/styling-brackets.md

aspects:
  - introduction

links:
  - '[MDN - ASI](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Lexical_grammar#Automatic_semicolon_insertion
){documentation}'

>   - '[MDN - Block](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/block){documentation}

Reviewer: The 2nd link is missing a `'` at the end.

Author: ```suggestion
  - '[MDN - Block](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/block){documentation}'
```

---
# Styling Brackets

---
## Content

> The style of the code shouldn't influence its performance in any way. The guidelines for what is the "right" style differ from team to team and are primarily subjective. Commonly, developers would disagree on using `camelCase` versus `kebab_case` naming conventions, tabs versus spaces, or various positions of braces or brackets. 

Author: ```suggestion
The style of the code shouldn't influence its performance in any way. The guidelines for what is the "right" style are primarily subjective. Commonly, developers would disagree on using `camelCase` versus `kebab_case` naming conventions, tabs versus spaces, or different positions of braces. 
```

> The style of the code shouldn't influence its performance in any way. The guidelines for what is the "right" style differ from team to team, and are primarily subjective. It's common that developers would disagree on using `camelCase` versus `kebab_case` naming conventions, tabs versus spaces, or various positions of braces or brackets. 

Reviewer: The comma after "team to team" is unnecessary.
Suggestion:
It's common that developers... -> Commonly, developers...

Author: ```suggestion
The style of the code shouldn't influence its performance in any way. The guidelines for what is the "right" style differ from team to team and are primarily subjective. Commonly, developers would disagree on using `camelCase` versus `kebab_case` naming conventions, tabs versus spaces, or various positions of braces or brackets. 
```

console.log(wrong().status);
// undefined
```

> What is going on? Why does the bracket position matter?

Author: ```suggestion
What is going on?
```

For a function or a block (`if`/`else`, `switch`, etc) in JavaScript, brackets are used to denote the body:

```javascript
function echo() {
  const status = 'right';
  return status;
}

// or
function echoNew()
{
  const status = 'right';
  return status;
}

// or even
function echoNewNew()         {
    const status = 'right';
  if(true)                    {
    console.log('Please stop.');
                              }
  else                        {
    console.log('I\'m serious.');
                              }
                              }

console.log(
  echo(),
  echoNew(),
  echoNewNew()
);

// "right", "right", "right"
```

> No matter how we place the brackets around a block, the behavior of the code inside will be unaffected.

Author: ```suggestion
No matter how we place the brackets around a block, the behavior of the code inside is unaffected.
```

    status: 'wrong',
  };
}
console.log(wrong());
// undefined
```

Why is that?

It turns out that JavaScript is trying to help us write correct code. 

> Statements in JavaScript are separated with a semicolon, i.e. `;`. If we forget to add semicolon after a line of code, JavaScript tries to be a good friend and inserts a semicolon for us. This property is called *automatic semicolon insertion* (ASI). 

Reviewer: If we forget to add semicolon... -> If we forget to add a semicolon...

Author: ```suggestion
Statements in JavaScript are separated with a semicolon, i.e. `;`. If we forget to add a semicolon after a line of code, JavaScript tries to be a good friend and inserts a semicolon for us. This property is called *automatic semicolon insertion* (ASI). 
```

> Statements in JavaScript are separated with a semicolon, i.e. `;`. If we forget to add a semicolon after a line of code, JavaScript tries to be a good friend and inserts a semicolon for us. This property is called *automatic semicolon insertion* (ASI). 

Author: ```suggestion
If we forget to add a semicolon after a line of code, JavaScript tries to be a good friend and inserts a semicolon for us. This property is called *automatic semicolon insertion* (ASI). 
```

In the code above, when JavaScript notices a new line after a `return` statement, it assumes that the intention was to end the code there and return from the function, so it inserts a `;`[1].

The code above is seen by JavaScript like this:

```javascript
function wrong() {
  return; // equivalent to return undefined;
//      ^ this semi colon is inserted for us
  // the code below is ignored because

>   // of the return

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  //    ^ this semi colon is inserted for us
  // the code below is ignored because
  // of the return
```

  {
    status: 'wrong'
  };
}
```

> Checkout the Read More links for more details on ASI and don't forget to write your `;`.

Reviewer: Checkout -> Check out

Author: ```suggestion
Check out the Read More links for more details on ASI and don't forget to write your `;`.
```
